Add smpp-connector-config.md (#1556)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/smpp-connector/smpp-connector-config.md

# SMPP Connector Configuration

> The following operation allow you to work with the SMPP Connector. Click an operation name to see parameter details and samples on how to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following operations allow you to work with the SMPP Connector. Click an operation name to see parameter details and samples on how to use it.
```

Author: Updated.

                <td>"CMT"</td>
                <td>Cellular Messaging</td>
             </tr>
             <tr>
                <td>"CPT"	</td>
                <td>Cellular Paging</td>
             </tr>
             <tr>
                <td>"VMN"</td>
                <td>Voice Mail Notification</td>
             </tr>
             <tr>
                <td>"VMA"</td>
                <td>Voice Mail Alerting</td>
             </tr>
             <tr>
                <td>"WAP"</td>
                <td>Wireless Application Protocol</td>
             </tr>
             <tr>
                <td>"USSD"</td>
                <td>Unstructured Supplementary Services Data</td>
             </tr>
          </table>
       </td>
       <td>Optional</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
       <td>sourceAddressTon</td>
       <td>Type of number for source address.</td>
       <td>Optional</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
       <td>sourceAddressNpi</td>
       <td>Numbering plan indicator for source address.</td>
       <td>Optional</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
       <td>sourceAddress</td>
       <td>Source address of the SMS message.</td>
       <td>Yes</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
       <td>destinationAddressTon</td>

>        <td> type of number for destination.</td>

Reviewer: Not very clear. Can we add more information here?

Author: Updated.

          For IS-95 mobile originated messages, the SMSC should set this value to NULL.<br>
       </td>
       <td>Optional</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
       <td>priorityFlag</td>
       <td>
          sets the priority of the message.
          <table>
             <tr>
                <th>Priority Level</th>
                <th>GSM</th>
                <th>ANSI-136</th>
                <th>IS-95</th>
             </tr>
             <tr>
                <td>0</td>
                <td>Non-priority</td>
                <td>Bulk</td>
                <td>Normal</td>
             </tr>
             <tr>
                <td>1</td>
                <td>Priority</td>
                <td>Normal</td>
                <td>Interactive</td>
             </tr>
             <tr>
                <td>2</td>
                <td>Priority</td>
                <td>Urgent</td>
                <td>Urgent</td>
             </tr>
             <tr>
                <td>3</td>
                <td>Priority</td>
                <td>Very Urgent</td>
                <td>Emergency</td>
             </tr>
             <tr>All other values reserved
             </tr>
          </table>
          Priority<br>

>           There are two type of priority. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          There are two types of priority. 
```

Author: Updated.

          <ol>

>              <li>Delivery priority - Message delivery will attempt even if mobile temporarily absent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             <li>Delivery priority - Message delivery is attempted even if the mobile is temporarily absent.
```

Author: Updated.

>                 Eg : Temporarily out of reach or another sort message being delivered at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                E.g., Temporarily out of reach or another short message is being delivered at the same time.
```

Author: Updated.

             </li>
             <li>Content priority - No free message memory capacity.

>                 Eg : user doesn’t delete any received message and maximum storage space has been reached. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                E.g., The user does not delete any received message and maximum storage space has been reached. 
```

Author: Updated.

             </li>
          </ol>
          Non-priority<br>

>           Delivery will attempt if the mobile has not been identified as temporarily absent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          It will attempt delivery if the mobile has not been identified as temporarily absent.
```

Author: Updated.

       </td>
       <td>Optional</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
       <td>host</td>
       <td>IP address of the SMSC.</td>
       <td>Yes</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
       <td>scheduleDeliveryTime</td>

>        <td>This parameter specifies the scheduled time at which the message delivery should be first attempted. set to NULL for immediate delivery.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       <td>This parameter specifies the scheduled time at which the message delivery should be first attempted. Set to NULL for immediate delivery.</td>
```

Author: Updated.

       <td>Optional</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
       <td>validityPeriod</td>
       <td>The validity_period parameter indicates the SMSC expiration time, after which the message should be discarded if not delivered to the destination. It can be defined in absolute time format or relative time format.</td>
       <td>Optional</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
       <td>registeredDelivery</td>

>        <td>indicator to signify if an SMSC delivery receipt or acknowledgment is required - Value other than 0 represent delivery report request.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       <td>Indicator to signify if an SMSC delivery receipt or acknowledgment is required - Value other than 0 represents delivery report request.</td>
```

Author: Updated.

                <td>isCompressed</td>
                <td>It allows SMS message compression.</td>
                <td>Optional</td>
             </tr>
             <tr>
                <td>messageClass</td>
                <td>
                   <table>
                      <tr>
                         <th>Value</th>
                         <th>Message Class</th>
                      </tr>
                      <tr>
                         <td>CLASS0</td>
                         <td>Flash messages. Display only not store into the phone</td>
                      </tr>
                      <tr>
                         <td>CLASS1</td>
                         <td>ME specific - the SMS is stored in the mobile phone memory</td>
                      </tr>
                      <tr>
                         <td>CLASS2</td>
                         <td>SIM specific - the SMS is stored on the SIM</td>
                      </tr>
                      <tr>
                         <td>CLASS3</td>
                         <td>TE specific - this means the SMS is sent to a computer attached to the receiving mobile phone</td>
                      </tr>
                   </table>

>                    Data encoding - defines the encoding scheme of the SMS message. You can find general data coding scheme from here for different combination of alphabet, message class, isCompressed values.

Reviewer: Missing link.

Author: Added.
